hey everyone it's me beauty by carry on
I'm just going to show you the latest
thing I've done with my hair I got kind
of bored a couple days ago and decided
to cornrow it I hope you can see ya I've
Kwan wrote it into one two three four
rows so I can have a little faux hawk
going on in here and it's really
stretching out into little coils which
is fun to watch if a course it shrinks
back to like is this much when it really
is like out to here but I've done that
and I've also done the same thing over
here with the cornrows and use the clip
just kind of hold it in place um
everyone likes it which is cool i like
it a lot too it's something different
and was kind of breaking off that
monotony of everyday going in with like
you know to see more little thing so
this is cute actually you know this is
how it is like if I stretch it out
because it's a great deal it's coming
out a little bit so that's nice is
growing a little bit and of course it
will pop right back down mm-hmm so um
that's my here right now it's kind of
just doing its own thing actually went
ahead and bought the be curly um what
does it be curzio your this hahahaha
okay i bought this be curly curl
enhancer from aveda um I've heard great
things about to be curly line and it's
actually like right really in deep in my
hair there's a quite a bit of little
curls little quails little curls like
all in there like it's kind of cool and
it's definitely in there it's just um
doing its own thing so um you know it's
interesting to watch but my I bought
that use that when the
is wet go ahead and just dumb put it on
soaking wet damp hair so it's been
working pretty well I'm using that with
um the kinky curly curling custard at
the same time when I wash my hair in a
shower and actually i'm using that
Jamaican man things that I told you guys
about that I love using some of that and
i'm using i'm using the Jamaica man
mango and lime protein conditioner I
went ahead and bought it um so let's see
how that turned out so that's pretty
much it is pretty much my back on all my
hair right now I I'm actually glad that
I can actually like braid this you know
now like yeah I have a little bit of
here to play with so that's really good
that's really cool so um that's pretty
much me and what I've been doing and of
course I shrinks up back here but that'd
be curly definitely brings out the
little curls in here and uh it's
interesting so that's pretty much it hi
I'm a good night guys and hope you enjoy
this short little update video on what
I've been doing this my hair um and then
I'm probably going to twist this out or
loose it out in another like couple days
like Saturday and let it be wild again
anyway peace out sorry okay all serious
now